Lord Qi
This Xiao Jun, you have been unarmed and returned to the field.
Now it's just the four of them left jumping around here
You must stay
At that time, our Chu family will join forces with you
Get rid of them four gods of war
Isn't the world yours then?
Lord Qi, what do you think of what I said?
I think you're farting.
This Chu Yunzhou
I warn you.
Get out of my sight now
Don't bother us brothers talking to big brother
If you don't go, I'll tell you
Even if I quit
I also have a thousand ways to kill me
You have three seconds.
Lord Qi
Our Chu family finally fawned on you
You must not retire
Nonsense I hit you
Get out of here and let me see you face selling again
I roll I roll
Brother Xiao has been unarmed for seven days
But always follow Brother Xiao
If Brother Xiao wants to go to the mall to work hard in the future
Seven days to do your best
Good brother has a letter
With your words, I will definitely take you with me.
Brother Xiao roses should also remove their armor as you like.
Xiao Ge Amber
Remove the armor as you like
Brother Xiao and us
And us